
This directory contains a set of evolving scripts for scotty that can
be used with the Tkined editor. They turn Tkined into a small network
management system. The script files implement various tools grouped by
functionality:

manager.tcl	- Some commands to start new tools from within Tkined.
event.tcl	- Filter events reported by the syslog daemon.
ip_trouble.tcl	- Some small trouble shooting commands.
ip_monitor.tcl	- Simple monitoring of round trip times etc.
ip_discover.tcl	- Discovering ip nodes and networks.
ip_layout.tcl 	- These commands help you to layout your network.
ip_world.tcl	- Show hosts on world maps.

The following scripts use the SNMP extension provided by scotty:

snmp_trouble.tcl - SNMP based trouble shooting commands.
snmp_monitor.tcl - SNMP based monitoring commands.
snmp_browser.tcl - SNMP based MIB browser.
snmp_host.tcl	 - SNMP script to browse the Host Resources MIB
snmp_cisco.tcl   - SNMP script for cisco systems.
snmp_hp.tcl	 - SNMP script for HPUX systems.

Not very serious:

game.tcl	- A very simple game. (In fact the first tool for Tkined)
clock.tcl	- A very simple script showing GMT time.
movie.tcl	- A little script to create gifs from a running tkind.
		  We use it to create mpegs of what happens to our network.

All these scripts are started by Tkined. Tkined parses its tkined.defaults
file for interpreter<x> lines (where <x> is a number) and starts every
script listed there whenever a new view is opened. The default entry
in tkined.defaults is:

tkined.interpreter1:    manager.tcl

This way manager.tcl gets started. If something fails, you will get an
error message in your xterm where you started Tkined. If everything is
ok, a new entry will show up in the menu bar of Tkined. Clicking on the
new entry will allow you to select one of the new commands provided by
the script. The manager.tcl script is only used to start the other
scripts found in this directory.

Some sample default definitions are in the file tkined.defaults.
These examples should tell you how to set SNMP parameters for your
network etc.

If you start one of these scripts directly, you will see something
like 'ined size'. This is correct since these scripts communicate with
Tkined via stdin and stdout.
