This is the directory where you configure, compile, test, and install
UNIX versions of the scotty extension for Tcl/Tk and the tkined
network editor. This directory also contains source files specific to
UNIX.

The rest of this file contains instructions on how to do this.  The
release should compile and run either "out of the box" or with trivial
changes on many UNIX-like systems. We know that it runs on
workstations from Sun, H-P, DEC, IBM, and SGI, as well as PCs running
Linux, BSDI, and SCO UNIX.


1. How To Compile And Install Tnm And Tkined:
---------------------------------------------

(a) Make sure you have Tcl8.4 and Tk8.4 installed on your system.
    This release will not work with earlier versions of Tcl/Tk.
    Also, make sure that dynamic loading is enabled in your Tcl/Tk
    installation (that is, Tcl and Tk have been configured with
    --enable-shared).

(b) Type "./configure". This runs a configuration script created by GNU
    autoconf, which configures scotty and tkined for your system and 
    creates a Makefile.  The configure script allows you to customize 
    the scotty and tkined configuration for your site; for details on 
    how you can do this, type "./configure -help".

(c) Type "make".  This will create dynamic loadable modules called 
    "tnm.so" and "tkined.so" and a new Tcl interpreter called "scotty".
    (Note, the loadable modules may have different extensions on some
    UNIX systems.)

(d) Type "make install" to install scotty and tkined binaries, modules
    and script files in standard places.  You'll need write permission
    on the installation directories to do this.  The installation 
    directories are determined by the "configure" script and may be
    specified with the --prefix and --exec-prefix options to "configure".
    See the Makefile for information on what directories were chosen; you
    can override these choices by modifying the "prefix" and "exec-prefix"
    variables in the Makefile.

    To install in the default locations (under /usr/local) on many
    systems you have to be root (although only the ntping and straps
    binaries actually have to be installed with root permissions). To
    ensure files installed by root are readable set umask to 022
    before typing "make install".  If you do not have permissions to
    install in the default locations then you can select alternative
    installation as described above.

(e) Type "make sinstall" to install the utility programs that require
    root privileges.  Please consult your system administrator on how 
    to do this. Root permissions are needed because these little programs
    need to open privileged sockets. The programs that need special
    permissions are very short so it is easy to verify that they do
    not cause security problems regarding your security policy.

(f) At this point you can play with scotty and tkined by invoking the
    "scotty" or the "tkined" program and typing Tcl commands.

If you have trouble compiling Tcl, read through the file" porting.notes".
It contains information that people have provided about changes they had
to make to compile Tcl in various environments. If you get Tcl running on 
a new configuration, we would be happy to receive new information to add
to "porting.notes". We're also interested
in hearing how to change the configuration setup so that Tcl compiles out
of the box on more platforms.


2. Optional Features:
---------------------

This distribution also contains some optional features that not used
on every site. 

(1) MULTICAST

    This version of the Tnm extension supports SNMP multicasts on
    operating systems that support UDP multicasts in the kernel.
    The configure script will not automatically check whether your
    system supports multicasts. You have to use the --enable-multicast
    configure option to enable this feature on systems that support
    UDP multicasts.
